Feat: OkHttp auto instrumentation and Guide (#3298)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-install/android.okhttp.mdx

> <Note>
> 
> Supported in Sentry's Android SDK version `4.4.0` and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

The OkHttp integration is supported in Sentry's Android SDK version `4.4.0` and above.
```

> The OkHttp integration is supported in Sentry's Android SDK version `4.4.0` and above.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a preview API, available in `4.4.0-alpha.1`. Features available in a preview API are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. The API may be renamed, changed, or removed in a future version.
```

> This is a preview API, available in `4.4.0-alpha.1`. Features available in a preview API are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. The API may be renamed, changed, or removed in a future version.

Reviewer 2: `l` Maybe we can move this to the top of the `getting-started-primer`, so it's the first sentence on the page. Having it in the middle looks a bit weird to me.

<img width="617" alt="Screenshot 2021-03-26 at 10 18 01" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2443292/112610042-8c5bff80-8e1c-11eb-922d-27b7585b7236.png">

Author: makes sense

</Note>

> To add the OkHttp integration, Initialize the <Link to="/platforms/android/">Android's SDK</Link> and Add the `sentry-android-okhttp` dependency. Using Gradle:

Reviewer: You might prefer this (slightly easier) format for links:
```suggestion
To add the OkHttp integration, Initialize the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/), then add the `sentry-android-okhttp` dependency. Using Gradle:
```

```groovy

> implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-android:{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android', '4.4.0') }}'
> implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-android-okhttp:{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android.okhttp', '4.4.0') }}'

Author: ```suggestion
implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-android:4.4.0-alpha.1'
implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-android-okhttp:4.4.0-alpha.1'
```

we can't use `packages.version` because its an alpha and we don't release this to release registry
